README.md, before:

# dontshowmethis

An AI-powered Bluesky content moderation system that automatically labels replies to monitored accounts using LLM-based content analysis.

## Overview

This project monitors Bluesky posts in real-time via Jetstream and uses an LLM (via any OpenAI-compatible completions API) to classify replies to watched accounts. It automatically applies labels such as "bad-faith", "off-topic", and "funny" to help users filter and moderate content.

The system supports multiple AI providers including LM Studio (local), OpenAI, Claude (Anthropic), and any other OpenAI-compatible API.

The system consists of two components:
1. **Go Consumer** - Monitors the Jetstream firehose and analyzes replies using an LLM
2. **Skyware Labeler** - TypeScript server that manages and emits content labels

## Architecture

```
Jetstream → Go Consumer → Completions API (LLM) → Labeler Service → Bluesky
```

1. The Go consumer subscribes to Jetstream and monitors replies to specified accounts
2. When a reply is detected, it fetches the parent post and sends both to your completions API
3. The LLM classifies the reply based on the system prompt
4. Labels are emitted via the Skyware labeler service
5. Labels are propagated to Bluesky's labeling system

## Prerequisites

- An OpenAI-compatible completions API endpoint:
  - [LM Studio](https://lmstudio.ai/) (local, free)
  - [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/) (cloud, paid)
  - [Claude/Anthropic](https://www.anthropic.com/) (cloud, paid)
  - Any other OpenAI-compatible provider
- A Bluesky account for the labeler

## Installation

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/haileyok/dontshowmethis.git
cd dontshowmethis
```

### Install Go dependencies

```bash
go mod download
```

### Install labeler dependencies

```bash
cd labeler
yarn install
cd ..
```

## Configuration

Copy the example environment file and configure it:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

### Environment Variables

**For the Go Consumer:**

- `PDS_URL` - Your Bluesky PDS URL (e.g., `https://bsky.social`)
- `ACCOUNT_HANDLE` - Your Bluesky account handle
- `ACCOUNT_PASSWORD` - Your Bluesky account password
- `WATCHED_OPS` - Comma-separated list of DIDs to monitor for replies and emit labels for
- `WATCHED_LOG_OPS` - Comma-separated list of DIDs to monitor for replies but not emit labels for. Will use SQLite to keep a log
- `LOGGED_LABELS` - Comma-separated list of labels that will be logged to the SQLite database
- `JETSTREAM_URL` - Jetstream WebSocket URL (default: `wss://jetstream2.us-west.bsky.network/subscribe`)
- `LABELER_URL` - URL of your labeler service (e.g., `http://localhost:3000`)
- `LABELER_KEY` - Authentication key for the labeler API
- `COMPLETIONS_API_HOST` - Completions API host (e.g., `http://localhost:1234` for LM Studio, `https://api.openai.com` for OpenAI, `https://api.anthropic.com` for Claude)
- `COMPLETIONS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE` - (Optional) Override the API endpoint path. Required for Claude (`/v1/messages`). Defaults to `/v1/chat/completions` if not specified
- `COMPLETIONS_API_KEY` - (Optional) API key for providers that require authentication (OpenAI, Claude, etc.)
- `COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE` - (Optional) API key authentication type. Either `bearer` (for OpenAI) or `x-api-key` (for Claude)
- `MODEL_NAME` - Model name to use (default: `google/gemma-3-27b`)
- `LOG_DB_NAME` - The name of the SQLite db to log to

**For the Skyware Labeler:**

- `SKYWARE_DID` - Your labeler's DID
- `SKYWARE_SIG_KEY` - Your labeler's signing key
- `EMIT_LABEL_KEY` - Secret key for the emit label API (must match `LABELER_KEY` above)

## Running the Services

### 1. Start your Completions API

The system supports multiple AI providers. Configure the appropriate environment variables based on your provider:

**Using LM Studio (Local):**
1. Open LM Studio
2. Load a compatible model (recommended: `google/gemma-3-27b` or similar)
3. Start the local server (usually runs on `http://localhost:1234`)
4. Configure:
   ```bash
   COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=http://localhost:1234
   MODEL_NAME=google/gemma-3-27b
   # No API key required for local LM Studio
   ```

**Using OpenAI:**
Configure the following in your `.env`:
```bash
COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=https://api.openai.com
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY=sk-proj-...
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE=bearer
MODEL_NAME=gpt-4o-mini  # or gpt-4o, gpt-3.5-turbo, etc.
# COMPLETIONS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE not needed (uses default /v1/chat/completions)
```

**Using Claude (Anthropic):**
Configure the following in your `.env`:
```bash
COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=https://api.anthropic.com
COMPLETIONS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE=/v1/messages
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY=sk-ant-...
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE=x-api-key
MODEL_NAME=claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022  # or other Claude models
```

**Using other OpenAI-compatible APIs:**
Most providers use the same configuration as OpenAI (bearer token auth):
```bash
COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=https://your-provider-api.com
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY=your-api-key
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE=bearer
MODEL_NAME=provider-model-name
```

### 2. Start the Labeler Service

```bash
cd labeler
npm start
```

The labeler will start two servers:
- Port 14831: Skyware labeler server
- Port 3000: Label emission API

### 3. Start the Go Consumer

```bash
go run .
```

Or build and run:

```bash
go build -o dontshowmethis
./dontshowmethis
```

## Usage

Once running, the system will:

1. Connect to Jetstream and monitor the firehose
2. Watch for replies to accounts specified in `WATCHED_OPS`
3. Automatically analyze and label qualifying replies
4. Log all actions to stdout

### Finding Account DIDs

To monitor specific accounts, you need their DIDs. You can find a DID by:

```bash
curl "https://bsky.social/xrpc/com.atproto.identity.resolveHandle?handle=username.bsky.social"
```

Add the returned DID to your `WATCHED_OPS` environment variable.

## How Content Classification Works

The system uses a structured prompt to classify content. See `lmstudio.go:147` for the system prompt.

## Development

### Project Structure

```
.
├── main.go              # CLI setup and consumer initialization
├── handle_post.go       # Post handling and labeling logic
├── lmstudio.go         # Completions API client and content classification
├── sets/
│   └── domains.go      # Political domain list (currently unused)
├── labeler/
│   ├── index.ts        # Skyware labeler service
│   └── package.json    # Labeler dependencies
├── .env.example        # Example environment configuration
└── README.md           # This file
```

### Adding New Labels

1. Add the label constant in `main.go`:
   ```go
   const LabelNewLabel = "new-label"
   ```

2. Add it to the labeler's allowed labels in `labeler/index.ts`:
   ```typescript
   const LABELS: Record<string, boolean> = {
     'bad-faith': true,
     'off-topic': true,
     'funny': true,
     'new-label': true,  // Add here
   }
   ```

3. Update the LLM schema in `lmstudio.go` to include the new classification

4. Update the handling logic in `handle_post.go` to emit the new label

## License

MIT

## Acknowledgments

- [Jetstream](https://github.com/bluesky-social/jetstream) - Real-time firehose for Bluesky
- [Skyware](https://skyware.js.org/) - Labeler framework

Commit message:

logging for no labels, optional

README.md, after:

# dontshowmethis

An AI-powered Bluesky content moderation system that automatically labels replies to monitored accounts using LLM-based content analysis.

## Overview

This project monitors Bluesky posts in real-time via Jetstream and uses an LLM (via any OpenAI-compatible completions API) to classify replies to watched accounts. It automatically applies labels such as "bad-faith", "off-topic", and "funny" to help users filter and moderate content.

The system supports multiple AI providers including LM Studio (local), OpenAI, Claude (Anthropic), and any other OpenAI-compatible API.

The system consists of two components:
1. **Go Consumer** - Monitors the Jetstream firehose and analyzes replies using an LLM
2. **Skyware Labeler** - TypeScript server that manages and emits content labels

## Architecture

```
Jetstream → Go Consumer → Completions API (LLM) → Labeler Service → Bluesky
```

1. The Go consumer subscribes to Jetstream and monitors replies to specified accounts
2. When a reply is detected, it fetches the parent post and sends both to your completions API
3. The LLM classifies the reply based on the system prompt
4. Labels are emitted via the Skyware labeler service
5. Labels are propagated to Bluesky's labeling system

## Prerequisites

- An OpenAI-compatible completions API endpoint:
  - [LM Studio](https://lmstudio.ai/) (local, free)
  - [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/) (cloud, paid)
  - [Claude/Anthropic](https://www.anthropic.com/) (cloud, paid)
  - Any other OpenAI-compatible provider
- A Bluesky account for the labeler

## Installation

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/haileyok/dontshowmethis.git
cd dontshowmethis
```

### Install Go dependencies

```bash
go mod download
```

### Install labeler dependencies

```bash
cd labeler
yarn install
cd ..
```

## Configuration

Copy the example environment file and configure it:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

### Environment Variables

**For the Go Consumer:**

- `PDS_URL` - Your Bluesky PDS URL (e.g., `https://bsky.social`)
- `ACCOUNT_HANDLE` - Your Bluesky account handle
- `ACCOUNT_PASSWORD` - Your Bluesky account password
- `WATCHED_OPS` - Comma-separated list of DIDs to monitor for replies and emit labels for
- `WATCHED_LOG_OPS` - Comma-separated list of DIDs to monitor for replies but not emit labels for. Will use SQLite to keep a log
- `LOGGED_LABELS` - Comma-separated list of labels that will be logged to the SQLite database
- `JETSTREAM_URL` - Jetstream WebSocket URL (default: `wss://jetstream2.us-west.bsky.network/subscribe`)
- `LABELER_URL` - URL of your labeler service (e.g., `http://localhost:3000`)
- `LABELER_KEY` - Authentication key for the labeler API
- `COMPLETIONS_API_HOST` - Completions API host (e.g., `http://localhost:1234` for LM Studio, `https://api.openai.com` for OpenAI, `https://api.anthropic.com` for Claude)
- `COMPLETIONS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE` - (Optional) Override the API endpoint path. Required for Claude (`/v1/messages`). Defaults to `/v1/chat/completions` if not specified
- `COMPLETIONS_API_KEY` - (Optional) API key for providers that require authentication (OpenAI, Claude, etc.)
- `COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE` - (Optional) API key authentication type. Either `bearer` (for OpenAI) or `x-api-key` (for Claude)
- `MODEL_NAME` - Model name to use (default: `google/gemma-3-27b`)
- `LOG_DB_NAME` - The name of the SQLite db to log to
- `LOG_NO_LABELS` - (Optional) When enabled, logs posts with no labels as "no-labels" to the database (does not emit labels)

**For the Skyware Labeler:**

- `SKYWARE_DID` - Your labeler's DID
- `SKYWARE_SIG_KEY` - Your labeler's signing key
- `EMIT_LABEL_KEY` - Secret key for the emit label API (must match `LABELER_KEY` above)

## Running the Services

### 1. Start your Completions API

The system supports multiple AI providers. Configure the appropriate environment variables based on your provider:

**Using LM Studio (Local):**
1. Open LM Studio
2. Load a compatible model (recommended: `google/gemma-3-27b` or similar)
3. Start the local server (usually runs on `http://localhost:1234`)
4. Configure:
   ```bash
   COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=http://localhost:1234
   MODEL_NAME=google/gemma-3-27b
   # No API key required for local LM Studio
   ```

**Using OpenAI:**
Configure the following in your `.env`:
```bash
COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=https://api.openai.com
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY=sk-proj-...
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE=bearer
MODEL_NAME=gpt-4o-mini  # or gpt-4o, gpt-3.5-turbo, etc.
# COMPLETIONS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE not needed (uses default /v1/chat/completions)
```

**Using Claude (Anthropic):**
Configure the following in your `.env`:
```bash
COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=https://api.anthropic.com
COMPLETIONS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE=/v1/messages
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY=sk-ant-...
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE=x-api-key
MODEL_NAME=claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022  # or other Claude models
```

**Using other OpenAI-compatible APIs:**
Most providers use the same configuration as OpenAI (bearer token auth):
```bash
COMPLETIONS_API_HOST=https://your-provider-api.com
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY=your-api-key
COMPLETIONS_API_KEY_TYPE=bearer
MODEL_NAME=provider-model-name
```

### 2. Start the Labeler Service

```bash
cd labeler
npm start
```

The labeler will start two servers:
- Port 14831: Skyware labeler server
- Port 3000: Label emission API

### 3. Start the Go Consumer

```bash
go run .
```

Or build and run:

```bash
go build -o dontshowmethis
./dontshowmethis
```

## Usage

Once running, the system will:

1. Connect to Jetstream and monitor the firehose
2. Watch for replies to accounts specified in `WATCHED_OPS`
3. Automatically analyze and label qualifying replies
4. Log all actions to stdout

### Finding Account DIDs

To monitor specific accounts, you need their DIDs. You can find a DID by:

```bash
curl "https://bsky.social/xrpc/com.atproto.identity.resolveHandle?handle=username.bsky.social"
```

Add the returned DID to your `WATCHED_OPS` environment variable.

## How Content Classification Works

The system uses a structured prompt to classify content. See `lmstudio.go:147` for the system prompt.

## Development

### Project Structure

```
.
├── main.go              # CLI setup and consumer initialization
├── handle_post.go       # Post handling and labeling logic
├── lmstudio.go         # Completions API client and content classification
├── sets/
│   └── domains.go      # Political domain list (currently unused)
├── labeler/
│   ├── index.ts        # Skyware labeler service
│   └── package.json    # Labeler dependencies
├── .env.example        # Example environment configuration
└── README.md           # This file
```

### Adding New Labels

1. Add the label constant in `main.go`:
   ```go
   const LabelNewLabel = "new-label"
   ```

2. Add it to the labeler's allowed labels in `labeler/index.ts`:
   ```typescript
   const LABELS: Record<string, boolean> = {
     'bad-faith': true,
     'off-topic': true,
     'funny': true,
     'new-label': true,  // Add here
   }
   ```

3. Update the LLM schema in `lmstudio.go` to include the new classification

4. Update the handling logic in `handle_post.go` to emit the new label

## License

MIT

## Acknowledgments

- [Jetstream](https://github.com/bluesky-social/jetstream) - Real-time firehose for Bluesky
- [Skyware](https://skyware.js.org/) - Labeler framework
